variable_name|type|domain|source|freq_range
----|----|----|----|----
subject|Integer 1-30 indicating subject number|N/A|N/A|N/A
activity_name|WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING|N/A|N/A|N/A
tBodyAcc-mean()-X|Double: average mean|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y|Double: average mean|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z|Double: average mean|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tBodyAcc-std()-X|Double: average stddev|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tBodyAcc-std()-Y|Double: average stddev|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tBodyAcc-std()-Z|Double: average stddev|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tGravityAcc-mean()-X|Double: average mean|Time|Accelerometer|Gravity
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y|Double: average mean|Time|Accelerometer|Gravity
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z|Double: average mean|Time|Accelerometer|Gravity
tGravityAcc-std()-X|Double: average stddev|Time|Accelerometer|Gravity
tGravityAcc-std()-Y|Double: average stddev|Time|Accelerometer|Gravity
tGravityAcc-std()-Z|Double: average stddev|Time|Accelerometer|Gravity
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X|Double: average mean|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y|Double: average mean|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z|Double: average mean|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X|Double: average stddev|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y|Double: average stddev|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z|Double: average stddev|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tBodyGyro-mean()-X|Double: average mean|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y|Double: average mean|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z|Double: average mean|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyGyro-std()-X|Double: average stddev|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyGyro-std()-Y|Double: average stddev|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyGyro-std()-Z|Double: average stddev|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X|Double: average mean|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y|Double: average mean|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z|Double: average mean|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X|Double: average stddev|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y|Double: average stddev|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z|Double: average stddev|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyAccMag-mean()|Double: average mean|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tBodyAccMag-std()|Double: average stddev|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tGravityAccMag-mean()|Double: average mean|Time|Accelerometer|Gravity
tGravityAccMag-std()|Double: average stddev|Time|Accelerometer|Gravity
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()|Double: average mean|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()|Double: average stddev|Time|Accelerometer|Body
tBodyGyroMag-mean()|Double: average mean|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyGyroMag-std()|Double: average stddev|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()|Double: average mean|Time|Gyroscope|Body
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()|Double: average stddev|Time|Gyroscope|Body
fBodyAcc-mean()-X|Double: average mean|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y|Double: average mean|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z|Double: average mean|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyAcc-std()-X|Double: average stddev|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyAcc-std()-Y|Double: average stddev|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyAcc-std()-Z|Double: average stddev|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X|Double: average mean|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y|Double: average mean|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z|Double: average mean|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X|Double: average stddev|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y|Double: average stddev|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z|Double: average stddev|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyGyro-mean()-X|Double: average mean|Frequency|Gyroscope|Body
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y|Double: average mean|Frequency|Gyroscope|Body
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z|Double: average mean|Frequency|Gyroscope|Body
fBodyGyro-std()-X|Double: average stddev|Frequency|Gyroscope|Body
fBodyGyro-std()-Y|Double: average stddev|Frequency|Gyroscope|Body
fBodyGyro-std()-Z|Double: average stddev|Frequency|Gyroscope|Body
fBodyAccMag-mean()|Double: average mean|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyAccMag-std()|Double: average stddev|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()|Double: average mean|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()|Double: average stddev|Frequency|Accelerometer|Body
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()|Double: average mean|Frequency|Gyroscope|Body
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()|Double: average stddev|Frequency|Gyroscope|Body
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()|Double: average mean|Frequency|Gyroscope|Body
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()|Double: average stddev|Frequency|Gyroscope|Body
